Updating PAB (#20310)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/mdn_product_advisory_board/index.md

- **Sukriti Chadha**
  Product Manager, Spotify
  - : Sukriti Chadha is a mobile developer-turned-product manager at Spotify where she leads efforts in cross-platform accessibility and developer experience on mobile. She also serves as an Invited Expert at the [W3C WCAG (Web Content Accessibility Guidelines) Working Group](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/wcag/) and the [Mobile Accessibility Task Force (MATF)](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/mobile/), where she contributes to industry guidelines for accessible web and mobile applications. She built a new way of making data visualization accessible for visually impaired users, and [open-sourced the Android solution in 2019](https://developer.yahoo.com/blogs/612790529269366784/). Sukriti's product role entails managing developer experience roadmaps, automated testing, and embedding accessibility in the product lifecycle.
- **Hermina Condei**
  Head of Product CE, Marketing Operations, Mozilla

>   - : Hermina Condei leads product management and engineering for MDN Web Docs and platform engineering for SUMO, at Mozilla. Over the past years, she's driven company-wide projects focused on access and identity management for employees and community. She also led the product team in the Open Innovation Group**,** with a focus on managing internal and external stakeholders for the team's portfolio of projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Hermina Condei leads product management and engineering for MDN Web Docs and platform engineering for SUMO at Mozilla. Over the past years, she's driven company-wide projects focused on access and identity management for employees and the community. She also led the product team in the **Open Innovation Group**, with a focus on managing internal and external stakeholders for the team's portfolio of projects.
```

- **Dominique Hazael-Massieux**
  W3C Web Technology Expert including [Telecommunications Vertical champion](https://www.w3.org/Telco/), [Web Real-Time Communications Working Group](https://www.w3.org/groups/wg/webrtc), [Device and Sensors Working Group](https://www.w3.org/das/)

>   - : Dominique Hazael-Massieux is part of the W3C staff, where he leads W3C efforts in developer relationship. Dom has been working for W3C since 2000, and in addition to devrel, is currently involved in the standardization of WebRTC, device APIs and WebVR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Dominique Hazael-Massieux is part of the W3C staff, leading W3C efforts in developer relations. Dom has been working for W3C since 2000, and in addition to devrel, is currently involved in the standardization of WebRTC, device APIs and WebVR.
```

- **Brian Kardell**
  Developer Advocate, Igalia
  - : Brian is a Developer Advocate at Igalia. He participates in W3C where he is Igalia's Advisory Committee Representative and participates in various working groups and community groups. He also has represented the Open JS Foundation there.
- **Joe Medley**
  Senior Technical Writer, Web Developer Relations at Google

>   - : Joe has lead Google's effort to create web platform reference documentation for the last five years, which means he spends much on MDN. In addition to editing the Chrome beta release announcements targeted at web developers, he writes the occasional article for web.dev. Joe came to Web Developer Relations after a long career writing developer reference documentation for enterprise applications and a degree in education from the University of Central Missouri.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Joe has led Google's effort to create web platform reference documentation for the last five years, which means he spends a lot of time on MDN. In addition to editing the Chrome beta release announcements targeted at web developers, he writes the occasional article for web.dev. Joe came to Web Developer Relations after a long career writing developer reference documentation for enterprise applications and a degree in education from the University of Central Missouri.
```

- **Eric Meyer**
  Developer Advocate, Igalia
  - : [Eric](https://meyerweb.com/) ([@meyerweb](https://twitter.com/meyerweb)) is an [author](https://meyerweb.com/eric/writing.html), speaker, blogger, sometimes teacher and consultant, Developer Advocate at [Igalia](https://www.igalia.com/), and co-founder of [An Event Apart](https://aneventapart.com/). He's been working on the Web since 1993 and still finds it deeply compelling.
- **Laura Morinigo**
  Web Developer Advocate, Samsung

>   - : Laura is a software developer, advocate, and mentor. She is passionate about sharing her knowledge and connecting with different tech communities around the world. Thanks to her contribution she has been recognized as a Google Developer Expert and a Woman Techmakers Ambassador. As a mentor, she helped startups participating in accelerator programs like Google Launchpad and the World Food Programme by the United Nations.  Currently, she is a web developer advocate for Samsung Internet where she contribute to web standards, spread the word out about advanced web features helping web developers to create great and more inclusive web apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Laura is a software developer, advocate, and mentor. She is passionate about sharing her knowledge and connecting with different tech communities worldwide. Thanks to her contributions, she has been recognized as a Google Developer Expert and a Woman Techmakers Ambassador. As a mentor, she helped startups participating in accelerator programs like Google Launchpad and the World Food Programme by the United Nations. Currently, she is a web developer advocate for Samsung Internet. She contributes to web standards and spreads the word about advanced web features, helping developers create great and more inclusive web apps.
```

- **Sheila Moussavi**
  Principal, Bocoup

>   - : Sheila is a Principal at [Bocoup](https://bocoup.com/about), where she leads a team working on web standards like HTML and CSS, and no-code programming tools like [Scratch](https://www.scratchfoundation.org/). Sheila oversees Bocoup’s web standards strategy at the W3C, and is passionate about building more equitable spaces in web standards and stronger connections between the standards process and web developer education. Throughout her career in tech (and previously in health equity and disability justice), she has been focused on cultivating effective, justice-oriented organizations and work spaces.

Reviewer: Markdownlint doesn't like single curly quotes

```suggestion
  - : Sheila is a Principal at [Bocoup](https://bocoup.com/about), where she leads a team working on web standards like HTML and CSS, and no-code programming tools like [Scratch](https://www.scratchfoundation.org/). Sheila oversees Bocoup's web standards strategy at the W3C, and is passionate about building more equitable spaces in web standards and stronger connections between the standards process and web developer education. Throughout her career in tech (and previously in health equity and disability justice), she has been focused on cultivating effective, justice-oriented organizations and work spaces.
```

  - : Robert Nyman is the Global Lead for Developer Feedback & Communities, Web Platform at Google. In his role, he works to make the web the best platform for developers. Prior to Google, Robert was a technical evangelist at Mozilla, focused on the Open Web and the company's various products and initiatives. He lives in Stockholm, and has a passion for traveling and meeting people. He claims the title of "Most Well-Traveled Speaker" on Lanyrd, having presented in 42 countries.
- **Kyle Pflug**
  Senior Program Manager, Microsoft Edge Developer Experiences
  - : Kyle Pflug is a Program Manager at Microsoft, leading developer relations and community outreach for Microsoft Edge. Over the past five years, he has worked to champion web developer and partner perspectives within Microsoft. He is passionate about making the web more inclusive and accessible to developers across platforms and devices.

**MDN Product Advisory Board Alumni:**

- Ali Spivak, Okta
- Daniel Appelquist, Samsung
- Jory Burson, Bocoup
- Meggin Kearney, Google
- Erika Doyle Navara, Microsoft
- Patrick Kettner, Microsoft
- Travis Leithead, Microsoft
- Chris Mills, Mozilla
- Kadir Topal, Mozilla

> 

Reviewer: Markdownlint doesn't like two consecutive blank lines here

Reviewer 2: Markdownlint warnings are warnings that are fixed automatically in the 24 hours following a merge.
```suggestion
```
